chore: remove unused config items (#1555)
eqlabs/pathfinder: CHANGELOG.md

- Support for `testnet2`
- Support for RPC v0.3

> - `--poll-pending` and `--python-subprocesses` command line options

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `--poll-pending` configuration option. This is now always enabled and set to 2s.
- `--python-subprocesses` configuration option. This is superceded by `--rpc.execution-concurrency`.
```
